feat(konnect-platform): IP allow list (#3476)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/konnect-platform/network.md

## Mesh hostnames in {{site.konnect_short_name}}

If you use {{site.konnect_short_name}} to manage your service mesh, you must add the `{geo}.mesh.sync.konghq.com:443` hostname to your firewall allowlist. The geo can be `au`, `eu`, `us`, or `global`.

## Specify IP addresses that can connect to {{site.konnect_short_name}}

Org Admins can specify an IP address or a range of IP addresses that can connect to {{site.konnect_short_name}} on any of its channels: UI, [APIs](/konnect-api/) (including [Admin API](/admin-api/)), [decK](/deck/), and [Terraform](/terraform/). This IP range allow list applies to all {{site.konnect_short_name}} communication from the Admin API.

{:.warning}

> > **Important:** If the source IP goes down and IP allow list is configured, you won't be able to access {{site.konnect_short_name}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** If the source IP address you have allow-listed is no longer reachable and IP allow list enforcement is enabled, access to {{site.konnect_short_name}} will be blocked.
```

## Mesh hostnames in {{site.konnect_short_name}}

If you use {{site.konnect_short_name}} to manage your service mesh, you must add the `{geo}.mesh.sync.konghq.com:443` hostname to your firewall allowlist. The geo can be `au`, `eu`, `us`, or `global`.

## Specify IP addresses that can connect to {{site.konnect_short_name}}

Org Admins can specify an IP address or a range of IP addresses that are allowed to connect to {{site.konnect_short_name}} through its supported interfaces. This includes the UI, the {{site.konnect_short_name}} [APIs](/konnect-api/), the [Admin AP](/admin-api/), [decK](/decK/), and [Terraform](/terraform/).

This IP allow list applies to all {{site.konnect_short_name}} communication that goes through the Admin API.

{:.warning}
> **Important:** 
* If the source IP address you have allow-listed is no longer reachable and IP allow list enforcement is enabled, access to {{site.konnect_short_name}} will be blocked.

> > * If you're configuring IP allow list for the first time, it takes affect immediately. If you're editing existing IP allow list values, the changes will take affect after five minutes.

Author: I even checked haha, when it starts with "take" looks like "effect" is correct.

## Mesh Manager hostnames

If you use [Mesh Manager](/mesh-manager/) to manage your Kong service mesh, you must add the `{geo}.mesh.sync.konghq.com:443` hostname to your firewall allowlist. The geo can be `au`, `eu`, `us`, or `global`.

## Specify IP addresses that can connect to {{site.konnect_short_name}}

Org Admins can specify an IP address or a range of IP addresses that can connect to {{site.konnect_short_name}} on any of its channels: UI, [APIs](/konnect-api/) (including [Admin API](/admin-api/)), [decK](/deck/), and [Terraform](/terraform/). This IP range restriction applies to all {{site.konnect_short_name}} communication including:
* Admin API
* Control plane and data plane communication
* {{site.konnect_short_name}} and {{site.mesh_product_name}} communication

> * {{site.konnect_short_name}} and Consumer communication

Reviewer 2: This is not true yet. The current milestone only enables IP source restriction for admin API. The other three will come in future milestones.
